"The best way to predict your future is to create it." - Abraham Lincoln
"Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it." - Charles R. Swindoll
"Success is not the absence of failure; it's the persistence through failure." - Aisha Tyler
"I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." - Thomas Edison
"You have to be odd to be number one." - Dr. Seuss
"The best revenge is massive success." - Frank Sinatra
"You become what you believe." - Oprah Winfrey
"The only thing standing between you and your goal is the story you keep telling yourself that you can't achieve it." - Jordan Belfort
"If you want something you've never had, you must be willing to do something you've never done." - Thomas Jefferson
"The more you know yourself, the more clarity there is. Self-knowledge has no end." - Jiddu Krishnamurti
"Don't count the days, make the days count." - Muhammad Ali
"Believe in the power of your dreams, and they will come true." - Unknown
"The future belongs to those who prepare for it today." - Malcolm X
"Be the change you wish to see in the world." - Mahatma Gandhi
"The only way to do great work is to be absolutely committed to what you are doing." - Unknown
"What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals." - Zig Ziglar
"The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others." - Mahatma Gandhi
"The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why." - Mark Twain
"Success is not a destination, it's a journey." - Zig Ziglar
"The biggest risk is not taking any risk." - Mark Zuckerberg
"Be the best version of yourself, not a copy of someone else." - Unknown
"Your time is limited, don't waste it living someone else's life." - Steve Jobs
"If you want to make your dreams come true, the first thing you have to do is wake up." - J.M. Power
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"Failure is the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently." - Henry Ford
"Don't let the fear of striking out hold you back." - Babe Ruth
"Everything you want is on the other side of fear." - Jack Canfield
"Believe in yourself, take action and you will see results." - Joel Brown
"Success is not just what you accomplish in your life, it's about what you inspire others to do." - Unknown
"Your attitude determines your altitude." - Zig Ziglar
"Your mind is a powerful thing. When you fill it with positive thoughts, your life will start to change." - Unknown
